ben
can
wh
There over over over over over over over good Ikyun
when yeah
dare
i am
me
ni
9 Click on the seal
My name is only is in Do Koe evidence corner
Good today
1 tube pick
Surf village
All 15 years
Events of the long title calledèŸ²è—Paradise and the edges began future
Hmm
Prepare the people of Fukushima and anxious together
Because it is a lawn
I want you to keep going and our 5 teachers
Strongly we feel's a Nukko more Inabe a force that ship have is for the
I would like to die once and for all the people in the community
whether there is no since in shape and state inside of the ma and prizes
We started group lunch with
Today is not a hard thing, but I enjoy it
And or the talk you eating candy and drinking a cup of tea tea because it is time picnic
I think that hope or down the or there is a saddle in it
Please also enjoy the angle diagonally to the side of Mt. Fuji in the star bag too
Thanking you in advance
Ah ah ah
ni
It is Hiromi Nakamura of bra studio from the first
I am happy to be able to take part in this event today
As a good hot member for the 2015 Enoshima Frapara line up
Please Regards ridge that I hope we When you go to create a line rather than side
Please
My name is Mare of infrastructure 4 y 8 towards the Enoshima care meat Tsu flap of next year 2015
That girl's nyan many smiles with everyone's smile
I would like to deliver next year 2015
stay
dee
ok is a wave with a lot of lafra representative after gyoza and hayama
We hold class in the beach towards winter
I'm aiming for 2015, but I hope everyone enjoys it for two years
But with lots of excitement
Since I got was also together what you receive from the direction of the back and things to wear in return from us
While exchanging
Tara the majesty is also a wonderful place to get lots of people to change
The children who just thought that it would be nice to have a nice time and enjoy it anyway
Until you really do your best
Also thank you in 2015
me
What next to everyone as sew f Smile Flower Yada russian nude Enoshima
Patty
Mark over the middle of the fun Hula's Smile hah tricks
I was able to do something good sense of Oh day feelings to become location
I will do my best to talk to you in the heat for the next year when the inner fire
Masu thank you
me
rhel
Ha
Ah ah ah
me
From the way
Ah ah ah ah
me
i am
re N